welcome back to movie on today i'm going
to explain the movie called saw7 from
2010. spoilers ahead watch out and take
care and i hope you enjoy it the movie
begins with the scene of dr gordon he
ran away from the bathroom of saw one
and after that he went to therapy for
five years
then the scene shifted towards two
shoplifters named brett and ryan they
were tied to a jigsaw to play the jigsaw
game in front of the people of that
store and that jigsaw was connected with
another jigsaw and the other saw was for
their mutual girlfriend who was tied to
the ceiling
in the next scene we saw a video and
brett and ryan were given 60 seconds to
decide whom they would kill to save
their manipulating girlfriend
all the people outside the store were
watching this game
after the video ended the time started
after seeing her own life in danger dina
tried to manipulate brett but ryan told
him that they don't need this type of
girlfriend and that's why they should
let her die after the timer ran out dina
got cut in half by the saw the police
went there but it was too late in the
next scene we see jill saw that hoffman
was still alive and that's why she
immediately goes to the police on the
other hand she met detective gibson and
told him about the jigsaw killer game
invented by hoffman and she asked for
her private guard the police said to her
that she would have a guard very soon
and she left the police station jill
came back home and fell asleep but she
woke up from a nightmare about hoffman
in the next scene we see an abandoned
junkyard and it was the place of the
jigsaw game for the racist people we
noticed that a racist was attached to a
car seat and his girlfriend was tied
down in front of the car tire and the
car was connected to one of their
friends with a chain and another friend
was tied to the door in front of the
vehicle the video started and it said
that in the next 30 seconds the car
would begin to move and in that time
period he would have to decide who he
wanted to save himself or his friends
the timer started and before the racist
could decide the timer stopped and the
car began to move very fast therefore
the hands of the friend tied behind the
vehicle with a chain came off his body
and he died his girlfriend got rolled
over by the car and died as well and the
friend tied to the door in front of the
vehicle died from getting hit by the
vehicle the racist guy also died from a
car crash the police came there and they
called detective gibson as well while
investigating the crime scene gibson
found a message for himself
along with that he found the trap of
hoffman and sent it to the forensic
department in the next scene we see a
guy named bobby from his conversation we
found out that he told people about so
many fake ways to save themselves from
the jigsaw game and he's doing this for
his publicity he was sitting in the
therapy station of that jigsaw killer
with his cameras
on the other side we saw dr gordon bobby
went outside of the therapy station with
his wife and we saw that they got
kidnapped when he woke up he discovered
himself in a nearly destroyed
psychiatric hospital
and he was inside a cage the video
started and bobby was told that in the
next 60 minutes bobby would have to pass
the test in order to save his wife the
video ended and bobby's cage got hanged
from the ceiling and there was a trap of
pointy nails below his cell suddenly his
cage got opened but he jumped from it
and saved himself from the nail trap and
he went ahead for his next test in the
next scene bobby finds nina but she's
kept inside a device that can kill her
the video started and he was told that
in the next 60 seconds he would have to
get the key of that device from nina's
mouth otherwise the device will kill her
because of the sound she was making the
timer started and bobby told her to stay
quiet and he tried to pull out the key
from her throat after trying so much he
was able to take out the key but before
he could open the lock the device killed
nina with its knife on the other hand
joyce was also tied down and she was
being shown the tests of bobby bobby
walked towards his next test and he
found the book that he wrote and it was
signed and the movie goes to flashback
and we see that bobby's friend john also
came to that sign event and john warned
him about his fake ways to get out of
the jigsaw game
in the next scene we see that detective
gibson has found the fingerprints of
jill on the bear trap that was set on
hoffman's mouth and that's why he went
to her house and he was so mad at jill
he argued with her and came outside in
the next scene we saw that hoffman had
sent him a cd when he played the cd
hoffman told him to give away jill to
him gibson saw the statue behind hoffman
in the video when he went to the police
station he found out about the jigsaw
game designed for bobby we also saw that
gibson remembered that he went to that
statue once and it was for the homeless
and drunk people a drunk guy attacked
him but hoffman killed the drunk guy and
saved his life gibson complained about
this murder of hoffman but hoffman got
promoted and he transferred gibson to
another city gibson realized that it was
the place where hoffman was staying in
the next scene we see that bobby went
towards his next test and he saw that
his lawyer susan was tied to another
device
bobby was told by a doll that if he
wanted to save susan then he would have
to pull up her cage but he will also get
injured from this the timer started and
bobby pulled the cage to save susan's
life but he got hurt and that's why he
let go of the cage and the timer ended
therefore the knives got into susan's
face and she died bobby went towards his
next test and he saw that his best
friend cal was tied with his eyes
covered bobby saw a tape and played it
he was told to untie the rope from cal's
neck in the next 60 seconds otherwise he
will die from hanging on his neck bobby
guided cal to come towards him and
somehow he got the key bobby threw that
key towards kale but cal was not able to
catch the key and the timer ended kale
got hanged on the rope and died the
scene shifted towards gibson and we saw
that gibson went to the psychiatric
hospital with the swat team he was
investigating the hospital and then he
received a call from the police station
and they told him that the location of
hoffman was in the junkyard gibson went
to the junkyard and found a message for
himself behind the door he saw someone
sitting in the chair gibson went closer
to that man with the two officers and
saw that it was the dead body of that
racist guy along with that he found the
cctv cameras in the statue that was
behind hoffman in the video once again
the movie went into flashbacks and we
saw that when hoffman made an explosion
in the junkyard the police were
distracted by it and he went to the
police station with this chance
on the other hand we saw that bobby was
walking towards his next test he was
locked in a room and to open the lock of
that room he needed to break his wisdom
tooth to find the code of the lock bobby
broke his tooth and found the code he
then unlocked the door and went ahead
towards joyce but then another video
started and bobby was told that if he
wanted to save himself and joyce he
would have to put the hooks in his chest
as he wrote in his book to get away from
the jigsaw game and he will have to turn
on the electricity somehow bobby put
those hooks in his chest and went
towards the electric switch but the
hooks got loose from his chest and he
fell down he was about to get up but the
timer ran out and the cage of joyce got
closed and the fire started under her
cage joyce got burnt to death on the
other side we saw that gibson called the
police station to let them know about
hoffman staying in the police station
but before he could tell them the
automatic gun fired at him and he and
the other two officers died the swat
team also got locked inside a room and
they died because of the poisonous gas
on the other side hoffman came out of
the body bag and he killed everyone on
his way and at last he went to jill when
he went closer to jill she stabbed him
with something and ran away from there
jill hid in the office
hoffman found her and kicked her she
fainted after that he put a bear trap on
her face with a timer jill woke up and
tried to free herself from the trap but
the timer ran out and she died from the
bear trap hoffman went outside and then
went to the junkyard he lit his device
on fire in the junkyard after that he
packed all of his stuff to leave the
city but three men attacked him and they
were wearing a pig mask
one of them took off his mask and we saw
that it was dr gordon in the next scene
the movie went to another flashback and
we saw that when gordon came out of the
saw one bathroom a guy named john helped
him at the end of this movie we see that
jill sent a package to the hospital and
it was actually the video of john and it
was dr gordon in that video john told
him to keep jill safe at any cost since
she was his hair and ordered him to take
revenge if something ever happens to
jill and that's why at present gordon
took hoffman to the bathroom where he
was locked and saw one in that bathroom
gordon cut off his own leg with a saw to
get out of the bathroom
that's why he tied hoffman with a chain
and threw the saw towards him to watch
more explanations of these kinds of
movies click on the videos on your
screen and don't forget to let me know
how you feel about today's video in the
comments down below and at last i will
say stay safe stay well thanks